feat: Adjust Loader docs (#6601)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/common/install/lazy-load-sentry.mdx

---

> title: Loader

Reviewer: Should we call it `Loader Script`? May be a bit clearer..?

> title: Loader

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Loader Script
```

></script>
```

By default, Performance Monitoring and Session Replay is enabled. 

## Loader Configuration

The loader has a few configuration options:

- What version of the SDK to load

> - When to load the SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I would take this out I think, as it's not really clear/documented how to change this...? IMHO we want to just do this however we decide makes sense (=lazy for errors only, otherwise eager).

- Using Performance Monitoring
- Using Session Replay

> - Serve a Debug Bundle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Show debug logs
```

Is this maybe clearer? not 100% sure...

### Load Timing

> By default, if you just use it for errors, the loader won't load the full SDK until triggered by one of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you only use the Loader for errors, the loader won't load the full SDK until triggered by one of the following:
```

As the "default" includes more than errors?

- an unhandled error

> - an unhandled promise rejection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- an unhandled promise rejection
- a call to `Sentry.captureException`
```

Finally, if you want to control the timing yourself, you can call `Sentry.forceLoad()`. You can do this as early as immediately after the loader runs (which has the same effect as setting `data-lazy="no"`) and as late as the first unhandled error, unhandled promise rejection, or call to `Sentry.captureMessage` or `Sentry.captureEvent` (which has the same effect as not calling it at all). Note that you can't delay loading past one of the aforementioned triggering events.

> If you Performance Monitoring and/or Session Replay is enabled, we immediately need to fetch and initialize the full bundle to make sure we are able to capture transactions/replays when the page loaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Performance Monitoring and/or Session Replay is enabled, we immediately need to fetch and initialize the bundle to make sure we are able to capture transactions/replays when the page loaded.
```

Version 7 of the Sentry JavaScript SDKs changed the bundles to be ES6 by default.
Previously, the default bundles were compiled to ES5. If you need to support ES5, see [Available Bundles](#available-bundles) or the [Migration Guide to Version 7](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/blob/master/MIGRATION.md#upgrading-from-6x-to-7x).

</Alert>

<JsBundleList />

## Additional Configuration

### Using defer

If you use the [`defer` script attribute](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/script#attr-defer), we strongly recommend that you place the script tag for the browser SDK first and mark all of your other scripts with `defer` (but not `async`). This will guarantee that that the Sentry SDK is executed before any of the others.

Without doing this you will find that it's possible for errors to occur before Sentry is loaded, which means you'll be flying blind to those issues.

### Content Security Policy

If you have a Content Security Policy (CSP) set up on your site, you will need to add the `script-src` of wherever you're loading the SDK from, and the origin of your DSN. For example:

> - `script-src: https://browser.sentry-cdn.com`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `script-src: https://browser.sentry-cdn.com https://js.sentry-cdn.com`
```

</script>
```

> For Performance Monitoring, by default the SDK will be initialized with `traces_sample_rate: 1` and for Session Replay `replaysSessionSampleRate: 0.1` and `replaysOnErrorSampleRate: 1.0`. Put it words, we capture all pages with Performance Monitoring and Replays in 10% of error cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Performance Monitoring, by default the SDK will be initialized with `tracesSampleRate: 1` and for Session Replay `replaysSessionSampleRate: 0.1` and `replaysOnErrorSampleRate: 1`. Put it words, we capture all pages with Performance Monitoring, Replays of 10% of all sessions as well as Replay for all sessions with an error.
```

> ## **Limitations**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## **Limitations for error-only capturing**
```

WDYT?

Because the loader injects the SDK asynchronously (only for errors), only _unhandled errors_ and _unhandled promise rejections_ will be caught and buffered before the SDK is fully loaded. Specifically, the capturing of any [breadcrumb data](../../enriching-events/breadcrumbs/) will not be available until the SDK is fully loaded and initialized. To reduce the amount of time these features are unavailable, set `data-lazy="no"` or call `forceLoad()` as described above.

> If you want to understand the inner workings of the loader itself, you can read the documented source code in all its glory over at the [sentry-javascript repository](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/blob/master/packages/browser/src/loader.js).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to understand the inner workings of the loader itself, you can read the documented source code in all its glory over at the [sentry repository](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry/blob/master/src/sentry/templates/sentry/js-sdk-loader.ts).
```

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Multiple empty lines?

# CDN

import JsBundleList from "~src/components/jsBundleList";

> Sentry supports loading the JavaScript SDK from a CDN. Generally we suggest using our Loader instead. If you _must_ use a CDN, take a look at [loading Sentry lazily with our JS loader](../lazy-load-sentry/), which provides a deferred version of our minified ES5 browser bundle. To see what other bundles are available, see [Available Bundles](#available-bundles) below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry supports loading the JavaScript SDK from a CDN. Generally we suggest using our Loader instead. If you _must_ use a CDN, see [Available Bundles](#available-bundles) below.
```

Version 7 of the Sentry JavaScript SDKs changed the bundles to be ES6 by default.
Previously, the default bundles were compiled to ES5. If you need to support ES5, see [Available Bundles](#available-bundles) or the [Migration Guide to Version 7](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/blob/master/MIGRATION.md#upgrading-from-6x-to-7x).

</Alert>

<JsBundleList />

## Additional Configuration

### Using defer

If you use the [`defer` script attribute](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/script#attr-defer), we strongly recommend that you place the script tag for the browser SDK first and mark all of your other scripts with `defer` (but not `async`). This will guarantee that that the Sentry SDK is executed before any of the others.

Without doing this you will find that it's possible for errors to occur before Sentry is loaded, which means you'll be flying blind to those issues.

### Content Security Policy

If you have a Content Security Policy (CSP) set up on your site, you will need to add the `script-src` of wherever you're loading the SDK from, and the origin of your DSN. For example:

> - `script-src: https://browser.sentry-cdn.com`

Reviewer: Do we have to add `https://js.sentry-cdn.com` here as well?
